feat(os): OKR process updates (#51)
flexpa/os: docs/process/okrs.md

### L2 owners are responsible for:
* **Driving progress and results:** Owners should be planning out milestones and issues in Linear that map out the quarter’s tasks with as much fidelity as is reasonable at any given time. The teammates they rely on should be aware of their dependencies to prioritize individual work accordingly. 
* **Reassessing goals:** Based on progress through the quarter, owners should be constantly reassessing whether we are pointed at the right target. 

## Setting OKRs
When establishing OKRs, we adopt a scientific approach to avoid setting unattainable goals, where achieving a perfect score seems impossible or unrealistic. OKRs are not static mandates. We evaluate our OKRs to ensure they align with the most important work at Flexpa and adjust them throughout the quarter if necessary. OKRs are scored, and new ones are agreed upon at our quarterly in-person retreat, fostering reflection, alignment, and goal setting.

In writing Objectives and Key Results, we keep these heuristics in mind:
* Objectives:

>     * Must articulate a single high leve goal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Must articulate a single high leverage goal.
```

    * May not necessarily be measureable themselves, but can only be successful based on its KRs
* Key Results:
    * Should be guided by the SMART framework:
        * Specific - Target a well-defined area
        * Measurable - Have a quantifiable element to serve as an indicator of success
        * Achievable - Be ambitious but attainable with allocated resources
        * Realistic - Must be feasible within the contraints of the team's capabilities, time, and other priorities
        * Time-bound - Have an established deadline for measurement
    * That track 0-1 workflows or products should consider drafting key results that the team can have the "right to unlock" when progress on preceeding KRs have been achieved. This prevents tracking 0 progress against KRs that we do not have enough information to determine realisticness at the start of the quarter yet. 

>     * Should not be "task" oriented without clear articulation a desired outcome to those tasks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Should not be "task" oriented without clearly articulating a desired outcome to those tasks. 
```
